Drag/Drop probably easier at this point.



Click Assign disables button and 


X - Press "Battle" button
X - Pause map scene
X - Load battle scene
X - Do battle stuff

Hook the scene run button (and eventually battle success/fail) up so that it will kill the scene. Ideally this should be controlled outside of the battle overlay scene.
Create a stripped down version of the battle overlay without the EventSystem and camera audio listener. Probably without camera period?



Make it so that any collision between a traveler and a bandit opens up the fancy scene

Parameters for Battle:
Bandit Team
TravelerTeam
// Eventually Reward - Gold




https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/SceneManagement.SceneManager.html
Use LoadScene

Figure out how to fix exciting prefab issue with storing the entire overlay in a prefab.
	Can we extract the object from a scene instead?
	Otherwise, we need to figure out some way to sync prefabs.

https://unity3d.com/learn/resources/downloads
Figure out state machine limitation


Fix attack spam bug


Create a class for instantiating/managing the battle overlay

for now, just assume we are adding two units to the battle.
Set a default gold value for now that gets rewarded after battle

Add a callback to the overlay for success and failure.
	We need a way to make it trigger after we have our visual fun in the battle.

	
	
	
	
	
	
Contemplate extending animator and adding pause functionality to it, and configurable pausing, since some animators we want to pause, and some we do not.

Shader wishlist:


Figure out how to hook up the battle screen with the main game

Hook up run


-Fade from texture to a color (like grey)
-Shader to perform photoshop like layer operations (multiply, etc) blending layers?
-Draw a highlight around a texture with a 1 pixel outline







Need a confirm button for both success/fail canvases
On confirm treasure goes in pocket. (Or maybe the caravan explodes into coins)

HOW TO PAUSE AND UNPAUSE





Display reward on battle screen.
	Add a configuration for how much gold the battle is worth.

When a team wins, end the banditmon game somehow.
Same for losing.
Implement Run button as well.


Wishlist:
Battle log

Questions:
How should unit hit and unit death events chain?

Handle unit deaths in battle scene.
Figure out what else.

After each round, check to see if a team is totally dead.
If so, do the success actions
Else, do the fail action

Add running from battle


Run some basic tests on battle system with debugger logs



Add OnMouseHover script to be used with colliders


OnStruck()
Add game object anchor placeholders for the units, and configure them on the BattleIllustrator (Change it to a monobehavior)
Also configure the unit text fields on the Battle Illustrator.


Issues:
Throwing our existing prefabs into a new scene is going to be wacky. We should have a separate prefab configured onto our Unit script specifically for the battle version of a unit.



Step 1:
Setup battle HUD
Unit threat number
Bandits have first initiative
Build statemachine for combat?


Attack
HP


Step 1:
Trigger an ambush
	-Put your guy in ambush mode
	-When a special merchant comes by, an ambush happens
	-Ambush button

Step 2:
How to pause the game



Step ?:
Add text log for combat actions




X-Way to group bandits into a party
Some form of stat system.
Setup GUI system with buttons and display area.
How do we layout the units on their side of the field
Programming button actions accordingly


Setup basic selection GUI with Ambush button.
Implement the 3 bandit states, and make sure they interact with the world accordingly.
That includes ambushing merchants (add a merchant script)



Bandit ambush state for robbing caravans specifically.
	-Simplest implementation is to get more gold than normal and drop out of the ambush state.
	-Bandits in ambush state can't be punished by soldiers.
	
	
	-Idle
	-Rob
	-Ambush
	
	Can't rob travelers, but can rob merchants?
	
	Pause world on ambush to determine if you want to fight
	
	
	cooldown
	
	


Bandit purchases
Bandit upgrades
Bandit gameplay with robbing

Allow bandit to be punished
TextMeshPro

Add more soldier behavior

It seems to me that there is a delay when instantiating prefabs like particle effects/sounds for at least the first time.

Debug Gizmo for town / heat info

-Setup nuget repo for pathfinding, and use paket
https://www.nuget.org

Parking Lot:
-Instead of modifying the waypoint code directly, consider creating an observer class that automatically looks through waypoints, and configures the click collider and node visual